# AuditLogConfigSpec

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Destinations** | [**AuditLogConfigDestinations**](AuditLogConfigDestinations.md) |  | 
**ExcludedPrincipals** | Pointer to **[]string** | A list of security principals to exclude from the audit log. The list may be empty.  | [optional] [default to []]
**DefaultTopics** | [**AuditLogConfigDefaultTopics**](AuditLogConfigDefaultTopics.md) |  | 
**Routes** | Pointer to [**map[string]AuditLogConfigRouteCategories**](AuditLogConfigRouteCategories.md) | Events are matched to exactly one of these route patterns (or else to the &#x60;&#x60;default_topics&#x60;&#x60;). The route patterns can be any valid Confluent resource name (CRN), or even a CRN containing wildcards. The most specific pattern that matches an event will be chosen. Consider these example route patterns that match events on Kafka topic resources. They are ordered here from most to least specific:  &#x60;&#x60;crn://mds1.example.com/kafka&#x3D;abcde_FGHIJKL-01234567/topic&#x3D;clicks&#x60;&#x60;  &#x60;&#x60;crn://mds1.example.com/kafka&#x3D;abcde_FGHIJKL-01234567/topic&#x3D;*&#x60;&#x60;  &#x60;&#x60;crn://mds1.example.com/kafka&#x3D;*_/topic&#x3D;clicks&#x60;&#x60;  &#x60;&#x60;crn://mds1.example.com/kafka&#x3D;*_/topic&#x3D;*&#x60;&#x60;  &#x60;&#x60;crn:///kafka&#x3D;abcde_FGHIJKL-01234567/topic&#x3D;clicks&#x60;&#x60;  &#x60;&#x60;crn:///kafka&#x3D;*_/topic&#x3D;*&#x60;&#x60;  For a CRN pattern to match a CRN, the Authority sections must match and the CRN pattern and the CRN must have all of the same path element types in the same order. The Authority section of a CRN is between the second and third slash (\&quot;mds1.example.com\&quot; in &#x60;&#x60;crn://mds1.example.com/kafka&#x3D;*_/topic&#x3D;*&#x60;&#x60;). It may be left empty (as in &#x60;&#x60;crn:///kafka&#x3D;*_/topic&#x3D;*&#x60;&#x60;). A CRN pattern with an empty Authority section matches a CRN with ANY Authority. The converse is not true: A CRN pattern with a non-empty Authority will not match a CRN with an empty Authority. A resource with an empty Authority CRN can only be matched by a CRN pattern with an empty Authority.  So an event on the resource with the CRN...  &#x60;&#x60;crn://confluent.cloud/kafka&#x3D;abcde_FGHIJKL-01234567/topic&#x3D;clicks&#x60;&#x60;  ... would not match a route with pattern ...  &#x60;&#x60;crn://confluent.cloud/kafka&#x3D;abcde_FGHIJKL-01234567&#x60;&#x60;  ... because they do not have matching path element types.  Once the most specific matching route for an event is determined, it is then matched within that route to exactly one event category, and then based on whether it was \&quot;allowed\&quot; or \&quot;denied\&quot;, matched to exactly one destination topic (or discarded, if the rule&#39;s destination topic name is the empty string). If the category rule&#39;s destination topic is &#x60;&#x60;null&#x60;&#x60; then it either falls through to the &#x60;&#x60;default_topics&#x60;&#x60; (for &#x60;&#x60;authentication&#x60;&#x60;, &#x60;&#x60;authorize&#x60;&#x60;, and &#x60;&#x60;management&#x60;&#x60; categories), or is discarded (which is the default for all other categories of events).  | [optional] 
**Metadata** | Pointer to [**AuditLogConfigMetadata**](AuditLogConfigMetadata.md) |  | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


